TERMS AND CONDITIONS
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
please carefully read the following conditions before you complete the Booking Form as making a booking and paying your deposit constitutes your acceptance of these Terms and Conditions.

1.	BOOKINGS. ALL NEW BOOKINGS MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BY - • A completed booking form A with detail of current valid passport (details page only)
a)	Your Booking will be confirmed upon receipt of your deposit of 50% of the price of the safari and a signed booking form. You will be invoiced for the remainder of the cost, which is payable no later than 4 weeks prior to the start of you safari, payment in full is required on confirming the booking.
b)	If your balance is not paid by the time specified in clause 1 above unless previously arranged with us in writing) we reserve the right to cancel your booking
c)	A higher non-refundable deposit and/or additional progress payments may be required for some Groups and based on package.
c)	A higher non-refundable deposit and/or additional progress payments may be required for some Groups and based on package.
e)	Late Bookings: Full payment within 48 hours of confirmation is required for new bookings made within 30 days of departure. A non-refundable surcharge of $100.00 per person will apply for any bookings made within 30 days to departure.

2.	CANCELLATION BY CLIENT . Cancellations must be advanced to Gusa Travels in writing through email gusatravels1@gmail.com or
i.	If you cancel your booking before the final payment is due, your deposit will not be refunded. However, provided you notify us of your cancellation before your final payment is due; a percentage of your deposit may be transferred to another safari you intend to have with us.
ii.	Should you cancel your booking after you have paid for the safari in full the following charges are applicable ( calculated on the day written notification is received by us and expressed as a percentage of the total safari price)
□	7-8 weeks and more …… 60% deposit refunded
□	5-6 weeks	before the	safari	starts ………..50% is retained by us
□	4-5 weeks	before the	safari	starts ……75% is retained by us
□	1-3 weeks	before the	safari	starts ……100% is retained by us

3.	Should we	cancel your safari, your deposit and any other payments made will be refunded in full.
However, if our cancellation is due to ‘force majeure’ any reasonable expenses we have incurred will be deducted from your refund (war, civil or political unrest is usually known as force majeure). All refunds and compensation are strictly limited to monies paid to us and we are not liable for any expenses you have incurred as a result of this booking. Your safari will not be cancelled after the final payment is due unless we are forced to do so by force majeure.

4.	We reserve the right to alter prices quoted to you in the event of external factors beyond our control e.g. changes in exchange rate or government action etc. Should any price exceed 10% of the total cost you are free to cancel your booking and will obtain a full refund of all moneys paid excluding the insurance premium, however no additional charge will be made less than 30 clear days before the date of commencement of your tour except in the case of bookings made during that period where additional charges may be made up to and including the date on which the invoice is issued. Every effort will be made to avoid and increases in the prices shown.

5.	The tour leader or local ground operator who represents Gusa Travels has overriding authority on our holidays; by signing our booking form you agree to this. If you commit any illegal act on a holiday with us or if in the opinion of the tour leader or ground operator your behavior is detrimental to the safety and welfare of the group as a whole, you may after being cautioned at least once and failing to respond the said caution, be asked to leave the safari without any right to refund.

6.	Any complaints with regard to the safari may be immediately brought to the attention of the tour leader, ground operators or hotelier so that the necessary action to rectify the matter can be taken. However if by the end of the tour you still feel you have a valid complaint you must notify the company, in writing, within 14 days of the end of your tour with Gusa Travels Uganda Limited . If we are unable to reach an agreement with you the issue can be taken to a court of Arbitration.

7.	. It is essential that you obtain suitable safari insurance before joining one of our tours. This must cover you fully against repatriation costs, should you become too ill to continue with the tour and must, above all, cover the evacuation of yourself from remote regions, should the need arise. Therefore we strongly recommend that take out a travel insurance policy before you travel.

8.	You are responsible for ensuring that all your travel documents are in order, many countries require passports to be valid for at least six months after entry.

9.	This information has been carefully compiled to our best belief at the time of publication, facts given are correct and described fully and honestly the tour safaris offered. Any changes will be brought to your attention as soon as possible.

10.	The booking conditions may only be waived by a director of the company only in writing; these conditions are subject to and shall be construed according to the laws of Uganda.

11.	Upon signing our booking form you show your willingness to accept our terms and conditions. On accepting your booking we agree to carry out our obligations to you as defined on our website.

12.	Under no circumstances shall Gusa Travels Uganda Limited or any of our ground operators be held responsible for any wildlife mentioned in our itineraries but not actually present during the tour safari as a result of factors beyond our control; the accessibility of the wild life mentioned in our itineraries is subject to such factors game migrations, weather conditions, to mention but a few examples.

13.	HEALTH
Any medical condition, disability or mobility difficulty that may affect the functioning of the group must be advised on the booking form. Any client with a pre-existing medical condition or illness must declare the nature of such condition at the time of booking and make arrangements for the provision of medications or other course of treatment that may be required during the tour. Any relevant health or mobility conditions not adequately disclosed may result in your immediate and direct return to your point of departure at your expense and without availability of refund. This is necessary to assure the health and safety of all group members and in particular those with whom you may be sharing a room. We recommend you consult your doctor in respect of your intended travel as this may also have some bearing on your application for travel insurance.

14.	MINIMUM MOBILITY REQUIREMENTS
Many of the sites visited on our pilgrimages require a reasonable amount of walking. Gusa Travels must be advised, at the time of booking, of ANY physical condition that will affect your mobility. Your condition will be assessed and may require qualified medical consultation. Whilst Gusa Travels will make reasonable attempts to accommodate some special needs, it is not responsible in the event that we are not able to do so, nor are we responsible for any denial of services by hotels, restaurants or any independent suppliers. Most transportation services, including touring coaches are not equipped with wheelchair ramps. Gusa Travels regrets that it cannot provide individual assistance to a client for walking, dining, getting on or off coaches or other personal needs.

15.	RESPONSIBILITY
Gusa Travels agrees to make reservations with the Principal offering the services described in this and ancillary brochures. Gusa Travels does not accept any responsibility for default causing loss or injury to persons whether by negligence or otherwise on the part of the Principal providing any facilities for any person taking advantage of the services described in this package. Gusa is not liable for any loss suffered by any person or any additional expense caused or occasioned by transportation provider delay, change or cancellation of service, alteration or cancellation to any other travel service, illness, injury, strike, civil disturbance, insurrection, terrorism, quarantine, flood or other disturbances of whatsoever nature interfering with, altering, or adding to the cost of the service requested or booked. After departure, if the services included in the excursion cannot be supplied or are altered for reasons beyond our control, Gusa Travels will arrange for the provision of comparable services where possible. Any resulting additional expense will be payable by clients. Gusa is not liable for any dissatisfaction the client may have with the accommodation properties used